PMM-10457 Moved docs from pmm repo (#341)
percona-platform/dbaas-controller: CONTRIBUTING.md

dbaas-controller's Kubernetes client is a wrapper around kubectl CLI tool. On the one hand, it solves a lot of hard problems we don't want to start solving now by using API directly: one example is Kubernetes authentication and authorization, which is handled by providing kubeconfig file for each kubectl invocation. It also makes it much easier to debug interactions with the operator. On the other hand, we can't use dbaas-cli because we require much more control than this "simplest DBaaS tool in the world" can provide.

dbaas-controller's Kubernetes client is fully configured with kubeconfig file. It contains information about Kubernetes API server address, authentication and authorization mechanisms, default namespace, etc. The whole kubeconfig file content is passed to the client constructor.

#### Kubernetes client revised

When it made a lot of sense to start with kubectl CLI, number of months later (Apr 2022) it is not anymore as it means we probably need to update it quite often and maybe support number of those binaries in our code. Also it is against k8s tools skew version policies to maintain old binaries in our code.

> Also client-go library advanced, it is support number of auth and also quite good compatibility matrix:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also client-go advanced, it now supports several authentication mechanisms and also a quite good compatibility matrix:
```

Please see: [How to create a feature build](https://github.com/Percona-Lab/pmm-submodules/blob/PMM-2.0/README.md#how-to-create-a-feature-build)

### The Goals of the Feature Builds

1. Provide an easy way to test/accept functionality for PO/PM and QA
2. Inform the Developer about Automation Tests results before the code is merged
3. (Future) Let the Developers add/modify e2e tests when they change functionality

### The Rules

1. Start Feature Build for every feature/improvement you are working on.
2. Start PullRequest to percona-lab/pmm-submodules as DRAFT.
3. Change the status of Pull Request from Draft to Open ONLY if your changes must be merged to pmm-submodules.
4. Include a short explanation in the Long Description field of the Feature in PR for feature build and checkboxes to all related Pull Requests. Check other [PRs](https://github.com/Percona-Lab/pmm-submodules/pulls) as examples.
5. After all related PRs in feature build are merged you should:
   a. either close the PR and delete the branch (this is the default option) or

>    b. merge the PR to pmm-submodules repository (please note, this rarely needs to be merged, for example infrastructure changes do)

Reviewer 2: do we need to duplicate these parts? isn't it better to just point them to pmm docs? Having them in both places makes it harder to manage.

Author: I think that we'll move to GitHub for the developer documentation. I agree that it makes harder to manage but it's more friendly for newbies.

Reviewer 2: I didn't get you. PMM docs are in Github as well, so no links outside of GitHub.
